Grandma, this is the meal I stayed up late to make.
It's my blood.
Lin Zhiwei, what do you say?
You belong to the Lin family
All your achievements belong to the company
Belongs to the Lin family
Then you have disappointed me so much.
You're fired.
The company doesn't need a disobedient person like you
Then why don't you get out?
Linlin
Are you sure you can connect with Haiyue Group?
Oh, it's my fault.
Our contract with Haiyue Group
Then it's all gone
Don't worry, grandma.
Documents are readily available
No problem.
Sister, what's the matter with you?
Did grandma bully you again?
The planning case I worked on for more than half a month
Grandma settled the claim without saying a word
Kicked me out of the company
How could they do this?
So hateful, sister, don't be sad.
I'm going to find them now to vent my anger for you
What are you good for?
Wife, leave this matter to me.
I won't let them cry and beg you to come back